Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. (Bill Clinton) It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place. (IEEE Grid newsmagazine)

Programming is like sex: one mistake and you’re providing support for a lifetime. (Michael Sinz) Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment. (Kent Beck) The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. (E.W. Dijkstra) In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg. (Bjarne Stroustrup)

To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. (Paul Ehrlich) Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. (Jeff Pesis) There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. (Alan J. Perlis) Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. (Bill Clinton)

640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981) 19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM (End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. (Bill Clinton)